# Privacy Policy

The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. As far as on our sides personal data (for example name, address or email addresses) are raised, this takes place, as far as possible, always on freiwilliger basis. These data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.

Please note that data transmission over the Internet (for example, when communicating via e-mail) may have security vulnerabilities. Complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.

The use of contact data published in the context of the imprint obligation by third parties for sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby expressly excluded. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails.

# Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for website operators and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will in no case associate your IP address with other Google data. You can prevent the installation of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; However, please be aware that in this case you may not be able to fully use all the features of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

# Google AdSense

This website uses Google Adsense, a web advertising service of Google Inc., USA ("Google"). Google Adsense uses so-called "cookies" (text files) which are stored on your computer and which allows an analysis of the use of the website by you. Google Adsense also uses so-called "web beacons" (small invisible graphics) to gather information. By using the web beacon, simple actions such as visitor traffic on the website can be recorded and collected. The information generated by the cookie and / or web beacon about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website in terms of advertising, to compile reports on website activity and advertisements for website operators, and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or as far as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will in no case associate your IP address with other Google data. You can prevent the storage of cookies on your hard disk and the display of web beacons by selecting "Do not accept cookies" in your browser settings (in MS Internet Explorer, under "Tools> Internet Options> Privacy> Settings" in Firefox under "Tools> Settings> Privacy> Cookies"); However, please be aware that in this case you may not be able to fully use all the features of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
